# Workspace

a Workspace

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | Workspace unique identifier generated by the API | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**organizationId** | **string** | Organization unique identifier under which the workspace resides | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**key** | **string** | technical key for resource name convention and version grouping. Must be unique | [default to undefined]
**name** | **string** | Workspace name. This name is display in the sample webApp | [default to undefined]
**description** | **string** | the Workspace description | [optional] [default to undefined]
**linkedDatasetIdList** | **Array&lt;string&gt;** | list of dataset linked to this dataset | [optional] [default to undefined]
**version** | **string** | the Workspace version MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**tags** | **Array&lt;string&gt;** | the list of tags | [optional] [default to undefined]
**ownerId** | **string** | the user id which own this workspace. set by the API from Authentification service receved id | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**solution** | [**WorkspaceSolution**](WorkspaceSolution.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**webApp** | [**WorkspaceWebApp**](WorkspaceWebApp.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**sendInputToDataWarehouse** | **boolean** | default setting for all Scenarios and Run Templates to set whether or not the Dataset values and the input parameters values are send to the DataWarehouse prior to the ScenarioRun | [optional] [default to undefined]
**useDedicatedEventHubNamespace** | **boolean** | Set this property to true to use a dedicated Azure Event Hub Namespace for this Workspace. The Event Hub Namespace must be named \\\&#39;&lt;organization_id\\&gt;-&lt;workspace_id\\&gt;\\\&#39; (in lower case). This Namespace must also contain two Event Hubs named \\\&#39;probesmeasures\\\&#39; and \\\&#39;scenariorun\\\&#39;. | [optional] [default to false]
**dedicatedEventHubSasKeyName** | **string** | the Dedicated Event Hub SAS key name, default to RootManageSharedAccessKey. Ask you DevOps Team to add the associated value to your Workspace Secret | [optional] [default to undefined]
**dedicatedEventHubAuthenticationStrategy** | **string** | the Event Hub authentication strategy, SHARED_ACCESS_POLICY or TENANT_CLIENT_CREDENTIALS. Default to the one defined for the tenant. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**sendScenarioRunToEventHub** | **boolean** | default setting for all Scenarios and Run Templates to set whether or not the ScenarioRun is send to the Event Hub | [optional] [default to true]
**sendScenarioMetadataToEventHub** | **boolean** | Set this property to false to not send scenario metada to Azure Event Hub Namespace for this Workspace. The Event Hub Namespace must be named \\\&#39;&lt;organization_id\\&gt;-&lt;workspace_id\\&gt;\\\&#39; (in lower case). This Namespace must also contain two Event Hubs named \\\&#39;scenariometadata\\\&#39; and \\\&#39;scenariorunmetadata\\\&#39;. | [optional] [default to false]
**datasetCopy** | **boolean** | Activate the copy of dataset on scenario creation, meaning that each scenario created in this workspace will make this copy. when false, scenario use directly the dataset specified. | [optional] [default to true]
**security** | [**WorkspaceSecurity**](WorkspaceSecurity.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { Workspace } from '@cosmotech/api-ts';

const instance: Workspace = {
    id,
    organizationId,
    key,
    name,
    description,
    linkedDatasetIdList,
    version,
    tags,
    ownerId,
    solution,
    webApp,
    sendInputToDataWarehouse,
    useDedicatedEventHubNamespace,
    dedicatedEventHubSasKeyName,
    dedicatedEventHubAuthenticationStrategy,
    sendScenarioRunToEventHub,
    sendScenarioMetadataToEventHub,
    datasetCopy,
    security,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
